# Fall Jungle Project

The primary purpose of the Fall Jungle Project is to explore ways in which we can predict the pathing of junglers given certain conditions. One scenario that is being explored in this project is, given the jungler's position at two minutes, how accurately we can determine the jungler's position at three minutes.

## Getting Started

### Code
* **comparePaths.py** - Running this script creates a pickle object called compData.pkl. This object contains five columns: matchId, participantId, pos (list of xy positions at each timestamp), distance (list of distances from xy position on the current path to that of the reference path), difference (average distance).
* **predictPaths.py** - Has a function nextPosition() that plots a graph of the position points one minute from the given time for all paths similar (based on a threshold) to the reference point at the given time
* **srPlot.py** - Contains various functions that all pertain to plotting points and jungle paths onto an image of Summoner's Rift
* **contourMap.py** - Given a set of coordinates, creates a contour map over Summoner's Rift
* **roleScript.py** - Determines the role for each participant in a list of matches

### Data
* **compData.pkl** - The main dataframe utilized in the code consisting of a five columns: matchID (unique identifier for each match), participantID (identifier ranging from 1-10 for each participant in a game), pos (array of x-y position coordinates from 1-6 minutes in each game), distance (distance at each coordinate from the designated reference path), difference (metric of how different the given path is from the reference path)

## Authors

* **Stephen Downhower** - *Main Contributor for the Fall Jungle Project*
* **Alex Cloud** - *Supervisor for the Fall Jungle Project*

## Nami Instructions

# The Idea

Users will be presented with an image of summoner's rift, and be asked to identify a 2-minute position. Once they have done so, a contour map will be overalyed on top of the image of summoner's rift showing what is essentially a map of predictions for the user's 3-minute position. This contour map is generated based off of comparing the 2 and 3-minute positions from the jungle paths stored in compData.pkl to the 2-minute position given by the user. The user will then be able to select their chosen 3-minute position for the jungle path, and then they will be presented with a new contour map for their predicted 4-minute position given both the data from the 2 and 3-minute positions.

# Relevant Files
* **SRFull.png** - Image of Summoner's Rift
* **compData.pkl** - The pickle object containing the main dataframe that currently stores 100,000 jungle paths from patch 8.24, and it is constructed by running the comparePaths.py script. The pickle object can simply be read in to python using the pandas.read_pickle(<file-path>) function.
* **predictPaths.py** - This is the primary script that you will need tow ork with for this data visualization data, specifically the definePath() function. The definePath() function takes an input of one or more coordinates (under the assumption that the first coordinate given is the two-minute position and the following coordinates are sequential). The outputs of this function are the following:
     * *Basic Plot* - This output is generated by the complexPlot() function from the srPlot.py script. A plot of all of the similar paths positions at each time (indicated by the legend). This output will eventually be removed, but it is currently provided just as another means to visualize the data. 
     * *Contour Plot* - This output is generated by the plotContour() function from the contourMap.py script. A contour map of the predicted positions. If two coordinates are given in the input, the code will interpret those as the 2 and 3-minute positions, and the output will be a contour map of predicted 4-minute positions based on the 2 and 3-minute positions.
     * *Data Frame* - A dataframe is also returned in the console. This is useful if you need to look at raw data for whatever reason.

    Here are some input examples to try out: definePath([[4000,7000]]) and definePath([[4000,7000],[7500,4000]). The runtime for this function currently is anywhere between 15-45 seconds, but the efficiency will definitely see significant improvement over the next few updates.
* **srPlot.py** - Not as relevant as the other items listed above, but if you are interested in plotting individual coordinates on a map of Summoner's Rift, you could try using the basicPlot() function (e.g. basicBlot([2000,4000]))
